# CS350

	For the purposes of the README in this class, CS 350 Embedded Systems and Architectures, I chose to submit Milestone One and Milestone Two.  The reason I chose the aforementioned files was specifically due to the level of completion and proficiency that I achieved through the final deliverable for these two Milestones. CS 350 proved to be a challenging course, however, through hard work, determination, and perseverance, the required projects, milestones, and assignments, were all worked on with the best of my abilities put forth.  First, the requirement of Milestone One was to blink the LED lights on the TI LaunchPad in accordance with project specifications.  Next, the requirement of Milestone Two was to once again blink the TI LaunchPad LED lights in accordance with project specifications, which this time involved UART input commands.  I did particularly well on the first Milestone; I felt as though there were sufficient resources provided to accomplish what was asked of the project requirements.  I could have improved in the class during later assignments as I struggled to find information in the provided resources that pertained to the requirements of the projects.  Tools and resources that I added to my support network included outside resources that were not provided by the course.  The provided resources in this course were limited as compared to similar courses that I have taken, thus leading me to outside resources for the information that was necessary.  A skill that I particularly transferable into industry will be the ability to find, and utilize resources effectively and efficiently in order to complete project requirements.  Finally, the two Milestones included in the submission for this portfolio were made maintainable, readable, and adaptable by apply object oriented programming best practices and principles while working on the projects.
